Introduction (#3)
Alp4ga/SQA_Assignment_1: Handbook.md

# Handbook

# Table of Contents
1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Task estimation in scrum](#task-estimation-in-scrum)
3. [Coding standards](#coding-standards)
4. [Code reviews](#code-reviews)

## Introduction

### 1.1 Welcome
As a new employee, you will receive a written handbook of best practices.
This document outlines the general best pratices you must follow during the development of a project. Please read it carefully.

### 1.2 Purpose of this Handbook
This Employee Handbook is designed to provide you with information about working

> conditions and pratices you must follow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conditions and practices you must follow.
```

> You will learn about Task estimation in scrum process. The coding standars you must follow to help your co-workings understanding your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will learn about Task estimation in scrum process and the coding standards you must follow to help your co-workers understand your code.
```
